See, the world is full of things more powerful than us. But if you know how to catch a ride, you can go places.
To condense fact from the vapor of nuance.
This Snow Crash thing--is it a virus, a drug, or a religion?
Well, all information looks like noise until you break the code.
Shit, if I took time out to have an opinion about everything, I wouldn't get any work done.
Jack the sound barrier. Bring the noise.
Software development, like professional sports, has a way of making thirty-year-old men feel decrepit.
Southern California doesn't know whether to bustle or just strangle itself on the spot.
Ideology is a virus.
Oh my god. I have become television.
Really, he has only two emotions: sleeping and adrenaline overdrive.
They made data a controlled substance.
No matter how smart we get, there is always this deep irrational part that makes us potential hosts for self-replicating information.
Software comes out of factories, and hackers are, to a greater or lesser extent, assembly-line workers.
The social structure of any nation-state is ultimately determined by its security arrangements.
Downtown is before them, as high and bright as the aurora borealis rising from the black water of the Bering Sea.
Five years of being alone. I can't begin to describe the ways I'll miss the mountain.
If I'm miserable, then everybody's miserable.
A Kenyan man once said to me: you can get used to everything when money's involved.
He used to stick mice up his ass for twenty bucks a time
The fans, Royce. They held me down in Bank Street once and tried to steal my gizzard.
The fans and the noise and the TV and the bullshit and I couldn't get at the truth anymore
My household appliance is on drugs. Horrible.
Barely twenty hours back in the city and I've already gone madder than a bastard on father's day.
Lawyers. You can always recognize them by the bad pockets. Lawyers always carry drugs. Ruins the line of their pants.
There's one hole in every revolution, large or small. And it's one word long - people.
No matter how big the idea they all stand under, people are small and weak and cheap and frightened.
It's people that kill every revolution.
There was a time when I liked a good riot.
It was great, being nine years old.
Journalism is just a gun. It's only got one bullet in it, but if you aim right, that's all you need.
Aim it right, and you can blow a kneecap off the world.
If anyone in this shithole city gave two tugs of a dead dog's cock about Truth, this wouldn't be happening.
Point: journalism is not about plans and spreadsheets. It's about human reaction and criminal enterprise. Here the lesson begins.
The boy's weird, Channon. You should trade him in. Or sell him for salvage.
Silence. I am watching television.
I am so incredibly bored that I will buy a pair of your ridiculous shoes. Look grateful.
Messianic fuckheads are a superstitious, cowardly lot, and I must strike fear into their hearts.
You're miserable, edgy and tired. You're in the perfect mood for journalism.
Yeah. I'm calling your "faith" bullshit.
This man needs medical help if he can't get through his life without something invisible to believe in.
Y'know, I wouldn't mind all this half so much if there was some historical truth in it.
Think about it: the quicktank is given a job most of us would laugh out of town.
Build a sophisticated camera capable of full 3-D input and peripheral pickup, using only water and jelly. Build an eye.
One day I'm going to drop a bomb on this City. A contraceptive bomb.
If you loved me, you'd all kill yourselves today.
You like to put your feet up and watch "Republican Party Reservation".
They like to have sex with normal people using knives, guns and brand-new sexual organs that you did not know existed.
So you vote for television, and everyone else, as far as the eye can see, votes to fuck you with switchblades.
And I've only begun fucking with you people.
Never trust anything that bleeds for four days but doesn't die.
Have gone to commit suicide. Intend to return from grave Friday. Feed cat.
The Oval Office carpet is thick with Presidential semen.
They look out of the window, think "I own you all" and jack off like ugly apes in humping season. It's what they live for.
No one who wants that is to be trusted. Why can't you all see that?
There's nothing to be on Cluny Square. It's fallen off the world. And they can't find their way back on their own.
You're not supposed to say that in America, are you? The land of can-do, the American dream of grab all you can and fuck the other guy.
But it's true. Cluny Square is rotting.
If and when utilities workers enter these apartments to service power and water, they have to wear anti-bacterial suits.
But the people who live here don't get them. Cluny Square is poison.
This was caused by the president that you all voted in twice.
It can be fixed by voting him out.
By four o'clock, I've discounted suicide in favor of killing everyone else in the entire world instead.
You made me sick.
Some days I know that if I let my brain fully understand what my gut was propelling me into, it'd chuck itself out my ear.
They say they like politicians but couldn't eat a whole one.
Political canvassers apparently keep better and mature nicely under the floorboards.
These are the new streets of this city, where the New Scum try to live. You and me.
And here in these streets are the things that we want: sex and birth, votes and traits, money and guilt, television and teddy bears.
But all we've actually got is each other. You decide what that means.
I always thought people were essentially bright. Distracted, sure, and weak, and beaten, but never stupid.
And then you show them, here's the two people who want to be president.
One is evil, but you can deal with him, because he actually harbors beliefs.
And who do you think they vote for? Stupid.
Don't look for media-approved ideologically sound Right Causes where there are none.
Look out of the window instead, and do something about what you see there.
Waiter! Fresh underwear, seven blankets and a bucket of moist towelettes!
Hi. I'm Spider Jerusalem. I smoke. I take drugs. I drink. I wash every six weeks.
I masturbate constantly and fling my steaming poison semen down from my window into your hair and food.
I'm a rich and respected columnist for a major metropolitan newspaper.
I live with two beautiful women in the city's most expensive and select community.
Being a bastard works.
He's prepared to delete the first amendment. He's prepared to kill dissenting voices. He's prepared to do anything to get what he wants.
They assume, like most people, that fear will do the trick.
Fear will keep everyone in place.
Fear will keep everyone distracted from what's really going on.
Let him know we can beat him up, let him know we could have killed him, let him know we can destroy him, let the fear shrivel him up.
Fuck that. I'm not afraid of them. They're afraid of me. They're afraid of the truth.
Ha! No one touch that dog! I'm having that for my fucking dinner!
You've never met me before.
Trust the fuckhead.
Paranoids are just people in possession of all the facts.
Listen to the chair leg of truth! It does not lie! What does it say? It says, "Shut up, Fred!" Can you hear it?
The future is an inherently good thing, and we move into it one winter at a time.
That's what a monoculture is. It's everywhere, and it's all the same.
This is the future. This is what we built. This is what we wanted. It must have been. Because we all had the fucking choice, didn't we?
It is only our money that allows commercial culture to flower.
If we didn't want to live like this, we could have changed it any time, by not fucking paying for it.
When they're not around, I put the TV on.
There are twelve different channels showing Law and Order 24 hours a day.
In some countries, Jerry Orbach has become a cargo-cult figure.
They don't understand the language or much of the situations.
They comprehend only that Jerry Orbach is immortal.
They watch and divine from the show that he outlives the young gods who are selected to be his assistants.
Criminals fall. DAs change. Assistants fade away. Jerry Orbach is forever.
Jerry Orbach is, in fact, some kind of avenging God-King who will hunt and incarcerate Scum until the end of time.
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face—for ever.
Until they became conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious.
Big Brother is Watching You.
It's a beautiful thing, the destruction of words.
Nothing was your own except the few cubic centimetres inside your skull.
We are the dead. Our only true life is in the future.
My schedule for today lists a six-hour self-accusatory depression.
You will be required to do wrong no matter where you go. It is the basic condition of life, to be required to violate your own identity.
Emigrate or Degenerate.
At that moment, when I had the TV sound off, I was in a 382 mood; I had just dialed it.
Before they came here I could stand it, being alone in the building. But now it’s changed...You can’t go from people to nonpeople.
The three androids glanced up, momentarily moving their attention from the TV screen to him.
There is a defect in your empathic, role-taking ability. One which we don't test for. Your feelings toward androids.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
When you are crazy you learn to keep quiet.
This is a mournful discovery. 1) Those who agree with you are insane. 2) Those who do not agree with you are in power.
Fear can make you do more wrong than hate or jealousy... fear makes you always, always hold something back.
Everybody knows that Aristotelian two-value logic is fucked.
It is amazing that when someone else spouts the nonsense you yourself believe you can readily perceive it as nonsense.
Men and the world are mutually toxic to each other.
They ought to make it a binding clause that if you find God you get to keep Him.
Matter is plastic in the face of Mind.
Exactly what the powers of hell feed on: the best instincts in man.
This sense of helplessness generates a need to gain some control over the impending pain -- any kind of control will do.
I am Ubik. Before the universe was, I am.
Imagine being sentient but not alive. Seeing and even knowing, but not alive. Just looking out. Recognizing but not being alive.
I have seen myself backward.
Truth, she thought. As terrible as death. But harder to find.
What profit it a man if he gain the whole world but in this enterprise lose his soul?
A psychotic world we live in. The madmen are in power. How long have we known this? Faced this? And how many of us do know it?
The lane to the land of the dead. Where you are, my friend.
Neuro from the nerves, the silver paths. Romancer. Necromancer.
If your woman is a ghost, she doesn't know it. Neither will you.
He found a girl who called herself Michael.
Cyberspace. A consensual hallucination experienced daily by billions of legitimate operators, in every nation.
Lost, so small amid that dark, hands grown cold, body image fading down corridors of television sky.
A year here and he still dreamed of cyberspace, hope fading nightly.
The Sprawl was a long, strange way home now over the Pacific, and he was no Console Man, no cyberspace cowboy.
We have sealed ourselves away behind our money, growing inward, generating a seamless universe of self.
Don't let the little fuckers generation gap you.
When the past is always with you, it may as well be present; and if it is present, it will be future as well.
Case fell into the prison of his own flesh.
A middleman’s business is to make himself a necessary evil.
He’d lived for so long on a constant edge of anxiety that he’d almost forgotten what real fear was.
The world hadn’t ever had so many moving parts or so few labels.
The machine, the structure, was there, was real. Virek’s money was a sort of universal solvent, dissolving barriers to his will.
Falling burned and blinded through a Siberian sky.
What use was time to those who'd soon achieve Digital Immortality.
And where does the newborn go from here. The net is vast and infinite.
Welcome to the Sprawl, chummer. Too bad you could make it.
Your flesh is an insult to the perfection of the digital.
It was hot, the night we burned Chrome.
We earth men have a talent for ruining big, beautiful things.
Ignorance is fatal.
It was a pleasure to burn.
If they asked how I died tell them: Still angry.
Culture is like a smog. To live within it, you must breathe some of it in and, inevitably, be contaminated.
Pull on the new flesh like borrowed gloves and burn your fingers once again.
There are some arenas so corrupt that the only clean acts possible are nihilistic.
The past is relevant only as data.
Take what is offered and that must sometimes be enough.
You’ll always have morons like that, swallowing belief patterns whole so they don’t have to think for themselves.
Catholics get on well with tyranny. It's in the culture
If I know anything about stack engineers, they'll weld down the lid on your remote stack faster than politicians leaving a war zone.