My schedule for today lists a six-hour self-accusatory depression.
You will be required to do wrong no matter where you go. It is the basic condition of life, to be required to violate your own identity.
Emigrate or Degenerate.
At that moment, when I had the TV sound off, I was in a 382 mood; I had just dialed it.
Before they came here I could stand it, being alone in the building. But now it’s changed...You can’t go from people to nonpeople.
The three androids glanced up, momentarily moving their attention from the TV screen to him.
There is a defect in your empathic, role-taking ability. One which we don't test for. Your feelings toward androids.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
When you are crazy you learn to keep quiet.
This is a mournful discovery. 1) Those who agree with you are insane. 2) Those who do not agree with you are in power.
Fear can make you do more wrong than hate or jealousy... fear makes you always, always hold something back.
Everybody knows that Aristotelian two-value logic is fucked.
It is amazing that when someone else spouts the nonsense you yourself believe you can readily perceive it as nonsense.
Men and the world are mutually toxic to each other.
They ought to make it a binding clause that if you find God you get to keep Him.
Matter is plastic in the face of Mind.
Exactly what the powers of hell feed on: the best instincts in man.
This sense of helplessness generates a need to gain some control over the impending pain -- any kind of control will do.
I am Ubik. Before the universe was, I am.
Imagine being sentient but not alive. Seeing and even knowing, but not alive. Just looking out. Recognizing but not being alive.
I have seen myself backward.
Truth, she thought. As terrible as death. But harder to find.
What profit it a man if he gain the whole world but in this enterprise lose his soul?
A psychotic world we live in. The madmen are in power. How long have we known this? Faced this? And how many of us do know it?