Five years of being alone. I can't begin to describe the ways I'll miss the mountain.
If I'm miserable, then everybody's miserable.
A Kenyan man once said to me: you can get used to everything when money's involved.
He used to stick mice up his ass for twenty bucks a time
The fans, Royce. They held me down in Bank Street once and tried to steal my gizzard.
The fans and the noise and the TV and the bullshit and I couldn't get at the truth anymore
My household appliance is on drugs. Horrible.
Barely twenty hours back in the city and I've already gone madder than a bastard on father's day.
Lawyers. You can always recognize them by the bad pockets. Lawyers always carry drugs. Ruins the line of their pants.
There's one hole in every revolution, large or small. And it's one word long - people.
No matter how big the idea they all stand under, people are small and weak and cheap and frightened.
It's people that kill every revolution.
There was a time when I liked a good riot.
It was great, being nine years old.
Journalism is just a gun. It's only got one bullet in it, but if you aim right, that's all you need.
Aim it right, and you can blow a kneecap off the world.
If anyone in this shithole city gave two tugs of a dead dog's cock about Truth, this wouldn't be happening.
Point: journalism is not about plans and spreadsheets. It's about human reaction and criminal enterprise. Here the lesson begins.
The boy's weird, Channon. You should trade him in. Or sell him for salvage.
Silence. I am watching television.
I am so incredibly bored that I will buy a pair of your ridiculous shoes. Look grateful.
Oh my god. I have become television.
Messianic fuckheads are a superstitious, cowardly lot, and I must strike fear into their hearts.
You're miserable, edgy and tired. You're in the perfect mood for journalism.
Yeah. I'm calling your "faith" bullshit.
This man needs medical help if he can't get through his life without something invisible to believe in.
Y'know, I wouldn't mind all this half so much if there was some historical truth in it.
Think about it: the quicktank is given a job most of us would laugh out of town.
Build a sophisticated camera capable of full 3-D input and peripheral pickup, using only water and jelly. Build an eye.
One day I'm going to drop a bomb on this City. A contraceptive bomb.
If you loved me, you'd all kill yourselves today.
You like to put your feet up and watch "Republican Party Reservation".
They like to have sex with normal people using knives, guns and brand-new sexual organs that you did not know existed.
So you vote for television, and everyone else, as far as the eye can see, votes to fuck you with switchblades.
And I've only begun fucking with you people.
Never trust anything that bleeds for four days but doesn't die.
Have gone to commit suicide. Intend to return from grave Friday. Feed cat.
The Oval Office carpet is thick with Presidential semen.
They look out of the window, think "I own you all" and jack off like ugly apes in humping season. It's what they live for.
No one who wants that is to be trusted. Why can't you all see that?
There's nothing to be on Cluny Square. It's fallen off the world. And they can't find their way back on their own.
You're not supposed to say that in America, are you? The land of can-do, the American dream of grab all you can and fuck the other guy.
But it's true. Cluny Square is rotting.
If and when utilities workers enter these apartments to service power and water, they have to wear anti-bacterial suits.
But the people who live here don't get them. Cluny Square is poison.
This was caused by the president that you all voted in twice.
It can be fixed by voting him out.
By four o'clock, I've discounted suicide in favor of killing everyone else in the entire world instead.
You made me sick.
Some days I know that if I let my brain fully understand what my gut was propelling me into, it'd chuck itself out my ear.
They say they like politicians but couldn't eat a whole one.
Political canvassers apparently keep better and mature nicely under the floorboards.
These are the new streets of this city, where the New Scum try to live. You and me.
And here in these streets are the things that we want: sex and birth, votes and traits, money and guilt, television and teddy bears.
But all we've actually got is each other. You decide what that means.
I always thought people were essentially bright. Distracted, sure, and weak, and beaten, but never stupid.
And then you show them, here's the two people who want to be president.
One is evil, but you can deal with him, because he actually harbors beliefs.
And who do you think they vote for? Stupid.
Don't look for media-approved ideologically sound Right Causes where there are none.
Look out of the window instead, and do something about what you see there.
Waiter! Fresh underwear, seven blankets and a bucket of moist towelettes!
Hi. I'm Spider Jerusalem. I smoke. I take drugs. I drink. I wash every six weeks.
I masturbate constantly and fling my steaming poison semen down from my window into your hair and food.
I'm a rich and respected columnist for a major metropolitan newspaper.
I live with two beautiful women in the city's most expensive and select community.
Being a bastard works.
He's prepared to delete the first amendment. He's prepared to kill dissenting voices. He's prepared to do anything to get what he wants.
They assume, like most people, that fear will do the trick.
Fear will keep everyone in place.
Fear will keep everyone distracted from what's really going on.
Let him know we can beat him up, let him know we could have killed him, let him know we can destroy him, let the fear shrivel him up.
Fuck that. I'm not afraid of them. They're afraid of me. They're afraid of the truth.
Ha! No one touch that dog! I'm having that for my fucking dinner!
You've never met me before.
Trust the fuckhead.
Paranoids are just people in possession of all the facts.
Listen to the chair leg of truth! It does not lie! What does it say? It says, "Shut up, Fred!" Can you hear it?
The future is an inherently good thing, and we move into it one winter at a time.
Things get better one winter at a time.
That's what a monoculture is. It's everywhere, and it's all the same.
This is the future. This is what we built. This is what we wanted. It must have been. Because we all had the fucking choice, didn't we?
It is only our money that allows commercial culture to flower.
If we didn't want to live like this, we could have changed it any time, by not fucking paying for it.
When they're not around, I put the TV on.
There are twelve different channels showing Law and Order 24 hours a day.
In some countries, Jerry Orbach has become a cargo-cult figure.
They don't understand the language or much of the situations.
They comprehend only that Jerry Orbach is immortal.
They watch and divine from the show that he outlives the young gods who are selected to be his assistants.
Criminals fall. DAs change. Assistants fade away. Jerry Orbach is forever.
Jerry Orbach is, in fact, some kind of avenging God-King who will hunt and incarcerate Scum until the end of time.
